the burden against Moab because in the
the burden against Moab because in the night our of Moab is laid waste and
night our of Moab is laid waste and
night our of Moab is laid waste and destroyed because in the night cur of
destroyed because in the night cur of
destroyed because in the night cur of Moab is laid waste and destroyed
Moab is laid waste and destroyed
Moab is laid waste and destroyed he has gone up to the temple and died
he has gone up to the temple and died
he has gone up to the temple and died bond to the high places to weep Moab
bond to the high places to weep Moab
bond to the high places to weep Moab will wail over Nebo and over medibot on
will wail over Nebo and over medibot on
will wail over Nebo and over medibot on all their heads will be baldness and
all their heads will be baldness and
all their heads will be baldness and every beard cut off in their streets
every beard cut off in their streets
every beard cut off in their streets they will clothe themselves with
they will clothe themselves with
they will clothe themselves with sackcloth on the tops of their houses
sackcloth on the tops of their houses
sackcloth on the tops of their houses and in their streets everyone will wail
and in their streets everyone will wail
and in their streets everyone will wail weeping bitterly Heshbon and Ilya will
weeping bitterly Heshbon and Ilya will
weeping bitterly Heshbon and Ilya will cry out their voice shall be heard as
cry out their voice shall be heard as
cry out their voice shall be heard as far as Jay has therefore the armed
far as Jay has therefore the armed
far as Jay has therefore the armed soldiers of Moab will cry out his life
soldiers of Moab will cry out his life
soldiers of Moab will cry out his life will be burdensome to him my heart will
will be burdensome to him my heart will
will be burdensome to him my heart will cry out for Moab his fugitives shall
cry out for Moab his fugitives shall
cry out for Moab his fugitives shall flee to Zoar like a three-year-old
flee to Zoar like a three-year-old
flee to Zoar like a three-year-old heifer
heifer
heifer for by the ascent of youth they will go
for by the ascent of youth they will go
for by the ascent of youth they will go up with weeping for in the way of Haro
up with weeping for in the way of Haro
up with weeping for in the way of Haro Nahum they will raise up a cry of
Nahum they will raise up a cry of
Nahum they will raise up a cry of destruction for the waters of NIMH room
destruction for the waters of NIMH room
destruction for the waters of NIMH room will be desolate for the green grass has
will be desolate for the green grass has
will be desolate for the green grass has withered away the grass fails there is
withered away the grass fails there is
withered away the grass fails there is nothing green there for the abundance
nothing green there for the abundance
nothing green there for the abundance they have gained and what they have laid
they have gained and what they have laid
they have gained and what they have laid up they will carry away to the brook of
up they will carry away to the brook of
up they will carry away to the brook of the willows for the cry has gone all
the willows for the cry has gone all
the willows for the cry has gone all around the borders of Moab its wailing
around the borders of Moab its wailing
around the borders of Moab its wailing to Eglin and its wailing to beer Elam
to Eglin and its wailing to beer Elam
to Eglin and its wailing to beer Elam for the waters of diamond will be full
for the waters of diamond will be full
for the waters of diamond will be full of blood because I will bring more upon
of blood because I will bring more upon
of blood because I will bring more upon diamond liens upon him who escapes from
diamond liens upon him who escapes from
diamond liens upon him who escapes from Moab and on the remnant of the
Moab and on the remnant of the
Moab and on the remnant of the you